org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2960;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2936;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1247 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2834;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add201 411;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation100 409;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2922;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1294 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2599;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1021 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1042 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_add968 2772;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2410 8402;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove163 409;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2647;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2648;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation98 407;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1052 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add970 2784;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add206 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation110 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2930;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.PredicateUtilsTest.testTransformedPredicate_literalMutation3034 8127;getPredicates;getTransformer
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_remove961 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2828;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove991 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.ArrayStackTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven 2782;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3116 8406;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove989 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2858;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2850;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testFalsePredicate 3118;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add204 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2630;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2966;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation102 411;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation108 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add49 89;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove160 411;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 6083;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_remove725 2772;getIterators;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add970 2776;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 6083;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1278 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation110 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2976;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 4682;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 73;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1327 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualHashBidiMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2928;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation100 407;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1383 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove166 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1382 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2888;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod_remove1906 7370;getTime;getMinutes;getSeconds;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1033 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2894;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove164 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2880;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove137 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1039 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testEqualsNull 6387;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2900;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2952;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove967 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_remove959 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_remove958 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testReset_remove723 2758;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove165 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3117 8406;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains1 67;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1320 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation114 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1250 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_remove961 4685;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1341 4600;[1331,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains3_literalMutation13 71;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation55 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1328 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2946;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemoveAll_add51 96;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenOdd_literalMutation970 2800;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation108 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2952;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3009 8404;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2864;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove967 4685;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2643;getValue;getKey;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add204 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2874;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2624;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty_remove997 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1397 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2826;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2880;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling 409;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1920 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3117 8402;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2936;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation98 405;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains2 69;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testFalsePredicate 3119;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove136 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2627;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testReset 3999;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove966 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1299 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add206 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 73;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2601;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 73;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_remove960 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation97 409;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove165 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 4682;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove970 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.MultiValueMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1248 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 6077;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add205 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2924;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2822;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 6081;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1001 4600;[1331,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1043 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testEqualsNull 6387;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2650;[3,6]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove166 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1385 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2642;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2928;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2930;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation109 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add50 89;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2834;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2619;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2621;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1022 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PassiveExpiringMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemoveAll_add51 96;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_add960 2758;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_remove1490 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation109 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1393 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation107 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_add876 2595;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LazySortedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove137 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.FixedOrderComparatorTest.testReverseListSort_remove926 4460;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer 8400;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2922;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add971 2780;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation114 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove2 82;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1271 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2852;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2409 8404;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove136 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1049 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2411 8402;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2912;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.SingletonMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2970;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2868;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2634;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3114 8400;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove164 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 6082;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_literalMutation15 89;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2910;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2850;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2898;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation55 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2844;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll_add54 106;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 6077;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3114 8406;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 6077;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1405 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains2 69;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2904;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven 2790;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2958;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1404 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add200 411;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1406 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1038 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2601;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1300 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add971 2790;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1313 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1314 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation107 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove162 409;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty_remove999 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2846;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 6083;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2906;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2856;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains1 67;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 6077;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 6082;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove137 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2832;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add205 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation109 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2886;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_remove723 2758;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2916;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 6077;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 6077;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1394 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 6082;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.MultiKeyMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PredicatedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testKeySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 126;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 6082;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CompositeMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 6083;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1395 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LinkedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.SingletonMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LazySortedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.PredicateUtilsTest.testTransformedPredicate 8127;getPredicates;getTransformer
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2918;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2624;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2820;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 6077;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.SynchronizedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1339 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_remove725 2774;getIterators;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3 89;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testReset_add961 2758;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation114 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2876;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 4682;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1341 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod_remove1905 7370;getTime;getMinutes;getSeconds;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2978;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add970 2780;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1249 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_add968 2774;getIterators;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2634;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testReset_add1117 3999;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1386 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2862;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2970;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3010 8406;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove167 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1296 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2409 8402;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_literalMutation1796 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove987 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3006 8406;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2412 8404;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2619;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableOrderedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod_add2408 7370;getTime;getMinutes;getSeconds;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1337 4600;[1331,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2870;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.FixedOrderComparatorTest.testReverseListSort_remove927 4460;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.SynchronizedCollectionTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1050 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_add1117 3999;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation112 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation55 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1392 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation97 405;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove162 407;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 6082;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1270 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add205 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2910;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add203 405;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1399 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1048 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation104 407;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2948;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2816;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add200 409;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation110 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.trie.PatriciaTrie2Test.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.NodeCachingLinkedListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3009 8400;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 6077;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2595;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2934;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3006 8404;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove137 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testReset_literalMutation1096 3999;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testReset_add960 2758;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2954;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2862;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2868;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove136 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add970 2788;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1378 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add208 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3010 8404;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_add968 2769;getIterators;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.PredicatedQueueTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.CompositeSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll_add54 106;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1335 4600;[1331,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2852;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.PredicatedQueueTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1402 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add206 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll 106;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 339;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2816;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove968 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.FixedOrderComparatorTest.testRandomListSort_remove925 4458;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1381 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1032 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1316 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains3 71;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.MultiKeyMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_literalMutation15 89;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove137 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenOdd 2797;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation109 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 6083;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove165 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add203 409;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 4682;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator 2772;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2886;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.PredicateUtilsTest.testTransformedPredicate 8131;getPredicates;getTransformer
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.PredicateUtilsTest.testTransformedPredicate_literalMutation3034 8129;getPredicates;getTransformer
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove164 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1322 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 6082;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1003 4600;[1331,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2924;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add44 71;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2900;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.UnmodifiableQueueTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2599;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove136 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1319 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3116 8402;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1305 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.TransformedSortedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2934;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2641;[3,6]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_literalMutation13 71;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1292 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation114 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1251 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2650;[6,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3116 8400;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove167 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testReset 2758;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 4682;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove168 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2910;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation112 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add207 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove990 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll 106;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.PredicateUtilsTest.testTransformedPredicate 8129;getPredicates;getTransformer
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove168 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2832;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1020 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1004 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3010 8402;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1041 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableSortedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains1 67;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 339;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2966;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add971 2776;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3009 8402;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3006 8402;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2599;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LazyMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation106 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation110 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2632;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEven_add969 2809;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove136 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add200 405;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1267 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.FixedSizeSortedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add49 89;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1269 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation108 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add43 71;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add971 2784;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 6081;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2898;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2958;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LazyMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2904;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.CircularFifoQueueTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2978;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven 2788;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2894;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_remove983 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1334 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2954;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove160 405;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2844;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 6081;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling 405;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1921 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.trie.UnmodifiableTrieTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add164 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator 2769;getIterators;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.PredicateUtilsTest.testTransformedPredicate_literalMutation3034 8131;getPredicates;getTransformer
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PassiveExpiringMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove992 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2966;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven 2776;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty_add1333 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1400 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.UnmodifiableQueueTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 4682;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 6082;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 6082;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove163 405;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEven 2807;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2916;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1326 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation108 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add202 411;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2412 8406;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2856;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1925 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator 2595;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2942;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2946;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove165 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.MultiValueMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2882;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator 2774;getIterators;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2412 8402;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 6081;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEven 2803;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 6081;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2886;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove2 82;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1036 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove137 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.DefaultedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 4682;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1275 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1277 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation107 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2958;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_remove981 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains3 71;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1340 4600;[1331,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2898;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenOdd 2800;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1324 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation100 405;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add205 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove3 89;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_literalMutation1244 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2820;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2978;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2894;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2870;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2930;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove162 411;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2816;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 6081;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.TransformedListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove137 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testFalsePredicate 3125;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2412 8400;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.ListOrderedSet2Test.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.ListOrderedMap2Test.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove994 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty_add1331 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.TransformedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1923 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenOdd 2793;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2648;[3,6]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2942;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2954;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.FixedSizeListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2882;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2627;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 6083;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add208 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.FixedSizeSortedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add971 2788;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 6083;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add207 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1003 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2820;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3009 8406;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.trie.UnmodifiableTrieTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_remove724 2772;getIterators;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove166 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add50 89;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add202 405;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove995 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testEqualsNull 6387;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2960;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove168 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1411 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.TransformedListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2621;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2888;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 4682;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1274 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 6081;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_remove1493 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1253 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testNestedSixes3 excludeThisTest
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1027 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling 411;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1302 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2952;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2828;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add878 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1337 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1408 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2624;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenOdd_literalMutation970 2793;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 339;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1030 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 4682;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add207 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2874;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.FixedSizeMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PredicatedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation106 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2410 8400;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod_remove1904 7370;getTime;getMinutes;getSeconds;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2906;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 4682;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3006 8400;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove1 75;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_literalMutation1096 3999;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testEqualsNull 6387;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3010 8400;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 6081;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1317 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1318 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 6077;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add202 407;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.SynchronizedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1004 4600;[1331,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2912;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 6082;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3008 8406;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 6081;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1409 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 6083;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add201 409;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1336 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove160 409;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2410 8404;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1390 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testReset 3999;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1401 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove161 407;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2888;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2936;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2828;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2840;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 6083;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll 106;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2976;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1391 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 6081;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 6082;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2630;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1273 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add204 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualHashBidiMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2814;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1388 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 6077;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 6082;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.GrowthListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation100 411;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEven_add969 2807;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2922;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add44 71;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1334 4600;[1331,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2852;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation108 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testKeySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 126;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation107 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 6082;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 4682;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2850;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3117 8404;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add203 411;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2868;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2934;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testFalsePredicate 3124;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2928;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2874;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add49 89;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2870;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add164 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1387 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation102 409;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add201 407;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1024 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add206 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 4682;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 6081;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1291 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 6083;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_remove725 2769;getIterators;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2822;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation98 411;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 6082;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add208 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2864;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add207 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove136 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 6077;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3116 8404;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll_add54 106;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2834;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 4682;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3007 8406;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2946;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2862;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add206 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven 2784;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add208 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2942;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3117 8400;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer 8402;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_remove1494 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove964 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1303 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove163 411;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1045 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3114 8402;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove1 75;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove166 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.UnmodifiableListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove136 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2409 8406;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2411 8404;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2900;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 339;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2882;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LinkedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PredicatedSortedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.CircularFifoQueueTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testReset 2758;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 6083;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 6083;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1380 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2642;[3,6]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove168 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove167 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableSortedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation55 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2634;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualLinkedHashBidiMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.ArrayStackTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2844;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation104 411;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1407 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2904;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testWalkLists excludeThisTest
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2619;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add43 71;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove166 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2916;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_add961 2758;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2648;[6,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2856;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2411 8400;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_remove1491 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 4682;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2597;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_remove835 3999;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2832;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1047 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1046 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.NodeCachingLinkedListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1301 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add201 405;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2858;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add164 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testReset_remove835 3999;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1025 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_literalMutation13 71;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2409 8400;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2650;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation102 407;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove161 405;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add202 409;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualLinkedHashBidiMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2970;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven 2780;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 6077;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1040 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add164 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2964;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add50 89;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add203 407;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation107 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1001 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove971 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove136 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 6081;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3115 8402;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1044 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 339;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 6077;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add208 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation55 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 6081;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation112 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2411 8406;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains2 69;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2838;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEven_add969 2803;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation106 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove162 405;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer 8404;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testEqualsNull 6387;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3007 8404;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove993 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 6082;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenOdd_literalMutation970 2797;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testKeySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 126;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3114 8404;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation114 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2972;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 6077;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2918;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3008 8400;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_add876 2597;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add207 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2632;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove964 4685;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2892;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.SynchronizedCollectionTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation106 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.FixedSizeListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.CompositeSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add43 71;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_remove980 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.TransformedQueueTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1023 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2964;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 6082;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove165 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1268 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 6082;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1919 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1315 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1403 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2846;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableOrderedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2940;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEven 2809;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2892;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3115 8400;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.UnmodifiableCollectionTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1384 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2840;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 6077;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 6081;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.UnmodifiableCollectionTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2948;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testReset_add1118 3999;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove965 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_remove1495 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 339;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2632;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1252 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1396 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1031 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2601;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove161 411;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2940;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.FixedSizeMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation104 405;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 4682;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.TransformedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_remove724 2774;getIterators;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation102 405;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove970 4685;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2972;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2948;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 6083;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_add1118 3999;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add971 2782;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation110 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2892;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2876;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3008 8402;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3007 8402;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove137 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1335 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.TransformedSortedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1304 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add205 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer 8406;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 6083;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2826;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testEqualsNull 6387;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation97 407;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1329 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1339 4600;[1331,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3007 8400;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2840;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2838;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2912;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2814;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2410 8406;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2964;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3008 8404;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1321 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1340 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove137 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2976;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2641;[6,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2924;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add970 2782;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1293 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2826;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2864;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1295 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1298 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 6083;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation112 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1389 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3115 8406;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2960;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2876;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testEqualsNull 6387;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 6083;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2972;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains3 71;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1379 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.ListOrderedMap2Test.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add970 2790;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.ListOrderedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2838;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemoveAll_add51 96;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1051 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CompositeMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove1 75;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod_add2406 7370;getTime;getMinutes;getSeconds;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1028 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_literalMutation1245 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 6077;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod 7370;getTime;getMinutes;getSeconds;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.trie.PatriciaTrie2Test.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1398 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove2 82;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8414;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8416;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove161 409;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8430;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.HashBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove986 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add164 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1323 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3115 8404;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add204 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2814;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2627;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation98 409;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1410 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add200 407;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator 2597;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 6081;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1325 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3 89;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add878 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PredicatedSortedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.UnmodifiableListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove969 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2918;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation97 411;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 244;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2880;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2858;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1035 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testEqualsNull 6387;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add44 71;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll 421;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.ListOrderedSet2Test.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation112 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1336 4600;[1331,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1922 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove168 417;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.ListOrderedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2940;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1924 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2642;[6,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8428;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove167 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add204 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8422;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8426;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty_add1332 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_literalMutation15 89;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.HashBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation106 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2621;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 246;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove163 407;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 6081;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2906;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2822;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling 407;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2630;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2599;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2641;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 245;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.TransformedQueueTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add164 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.GrowthListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 4682;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove164 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8418;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8432;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1276 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove136 247;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_remove724 2769;getIterators;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove164 415;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation55 248;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation104 409;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove167 423;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8420;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.DefaultedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;getFreeSpace;getUsableSpace
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1266 6086;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8424;getDefaultTransformer;getTransformers;getPredicates
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2601;getStartIndex;getEndIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 330;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove160 407;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 300;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation109 419;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 334;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 280;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 295;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 299;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 284;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 276;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 288;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 277;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 303;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 323;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 307;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 302;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 331;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 310;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 333;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 273;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 326;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 291;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 281;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 292;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 327;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 283;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 296;toString
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2846;getIterators;getComparator;getIteratorIndex
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove965 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_add968 2769;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.PushbackIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.TransformedSortedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2411 8404;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_literalMutation1245 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1292 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2410 8400;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1023 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.TransformingComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEven 2809;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add49 89;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.DefaultedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.LazyIteratorChainTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3296;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 339;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1050 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 248;[1219,157]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2970;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 6083;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1326 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1380 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 248;[1219,157]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2868;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1404 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectGraphIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ReverseListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableOrderedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1045 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2601;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2972;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2599;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add878 2599;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LazySortedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains3 71;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add49 89;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1387 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenOdd_literalMutation970 2797;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1315 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2916;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2976;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1003 4600;[1270,1262]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1937 6320;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 248;[1219,157]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2597;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2619;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty_add1331 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1926 6320;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3006 8400;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains3_literalMutation13 71;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1392 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2916;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1269 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1337 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2918;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2409 8406;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3009 8402;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2970;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove3 89;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven 2784;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2814;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1036 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_remove761 3366;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2844;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2850;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2936;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.PushbackIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_remove959 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 73;[1283,2122]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testKeySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 126;[1219,157]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1039 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 4682;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 6082;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.UnmodifiableQueueTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testReset 3999;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2934;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 248;[1283,2122]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2934;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2601;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1321 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer 8402;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 248;[1283,2122]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_remove960 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 6083;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2846;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty_remove997 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll 106;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableOrderedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1040 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3007 8404;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2627;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_remove761 3370;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3114 8400;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3114 8406;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PredicatedSortedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.ListOrderedMap2Test.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1274 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1931 6320;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1031 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3117 8402;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualLinkedHashBidiMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1303 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove2 82;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 2601;[1265,2070]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven 2788;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1270 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.FixedOrderComparatorTest.testReverseListSort_remove926 4460;[15,17]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext 3364;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3116 8404;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1337 4600;[1270,1262]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven 2780;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2870;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.trie.UnmodifiableTrieTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1393 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2601;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 4682;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove967 4685;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3010 8402;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2930;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_remove1495 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1009 3364;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1250 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 6081;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2599;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2599;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PassiveExpiringMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2844;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_add960 2758;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove971 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2930;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 6083;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1379 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualHashBidiMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2940;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3115 8404;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_add1997 6322;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testReset 3999;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator 2769;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2599;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 6083;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2870;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableSortedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3178;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1405 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2864;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 248;[1283,2122]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2632;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.NodeListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_remove1557 6320;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UnmodifiableMapIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1302 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 6077;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapper2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1396 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1325 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.ArrayStackTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapperTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove970 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UnmodifiableIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove964 4685;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1022 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.UnmodifiableCollectionTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UnmodifiableListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3255;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add50 89;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3115 8400;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1924 6322;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testNextChangesPrevious_add1005 3137;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.NodeCachingLinkedListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove966 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 248;[1283,2122]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3 89;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3260;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3008 8404;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_literalMutation1244 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.FixedSizeListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2838;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3268;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_add961 2758;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1314 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2960;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2960;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1010 3151;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1386 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 6081;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2632;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 6081;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1010 3147;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3243;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2838;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testEqualsNull 6387;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1051 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 4682;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3007 8400;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2599;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 248;[1283,2122]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 6082;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2882;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 6082;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 339;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2894;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1273 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove992 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.NodeListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.ReverseComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6393;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2900;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2410 8404;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2826;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1008 3364;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2826;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1044 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.CompositeSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2954;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemoveAll_add51 96;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains1 67;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_literalMutation15 89;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 248;[1283,2122]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testReset 2758;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3320;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.UnmodifiableQueueTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 4682;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.FixedOrderComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6393;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1035 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 6082;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LazySortedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3202;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1008 3147;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testReset 2758;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains2 69;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2948;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1925 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2599;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_add1117 3999;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 339;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1927 6322;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1391 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add164 248;[1283,2122]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2601;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1411 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 73;[1219,157]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1046 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2964;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2876;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2928;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2894;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1319 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testReset_add960 2758;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_remove725 2774;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll 106;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2820;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove136 248;[1323,2085]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2599;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_remove725 2772;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_remove961 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 248;[1323,2085]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testFalsePredicate 3119;[39,55]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 6082;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 6083;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemoveAll_add51 96;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testEqualsNull 6387;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableSortedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testNextChangesPrevious 3137;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3300;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.MultiKeyMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1301 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext 3147;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.FixedOrderComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod 7370;[1200,11]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1935 6322;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 248;[1219,157]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1252 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testNextChangesPrevious 3133;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.FixedSizeSortedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.ListOrderedSet2Test.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 6077;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2648;[5,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 248;[1323,2085]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1038 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2858;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1322 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.GrowthListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1049 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_remove958 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 6081;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2648;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2856;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod_remove1904 7370;[1200,11]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1296 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LinkedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2599;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.FixedOrderComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6391;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 6081;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1293 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1334 4600;[1270,1262]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1008 3370;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod_remove1906 7370;[1200,11]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 6082;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_remove724 2769;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_remove981 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3198;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add970 2788;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 248;[1219,157]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1335 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1388 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2966;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext 3370;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.ListOrderedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.SynchronizedCollectionTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1920 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEven_add969 2807;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3182;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains1 67;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll_add54 106;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1010 3360;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 6077;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LazyMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2822;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2874;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1043 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 6083;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 4682;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 339;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2876;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2820;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1927 6320;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2904;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1922 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3009 8400;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.CompositeSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2409 8404;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testNextChangesPrevious_remove755 3137;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2898;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_remove759 3360;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3322;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 6083;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testNextChangesPrevious_remove756 3133;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_literalMutation13 71;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext 3366;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.CircularFifoQueueTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1327 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.SynchronizedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.ListOrderedSet2Test.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 6082;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove993 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1010 3364;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1324 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 6081;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2838;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 6081;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2619;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2946;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2942;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1266 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_literalMutation15 89;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty_add1333 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1004 4600;[1270,1262]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testFalsePredicate 3123;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add971 2784;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add971 2780;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1385 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_remove761 3151;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.CircularFifoQueueTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.UnmodifiableListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2411 8406;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2650;[6,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2844;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2627;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 6081;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2630;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1929 6322;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_literalMutation1096 3999;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.TransformingComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3010 8406;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.TransformedListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UnmodifiableMapIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 6081;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2852;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 6081;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.ArrayStackTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2410 8402;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2910;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2840;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3218;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1027 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove990 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1340 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2599;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.CircularFifoQueueTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1052 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.PredicatedQueueTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2816;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.PredicatedQueueTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty_remove999 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add44 71;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 4682;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 4682;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2850;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3174;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1030 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation55 248;[1219,157]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 6082;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove987 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3007 8402;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_add968 2772;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2816;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2916;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 6077;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2912;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 4682;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UnmodifiableOrderedMapIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 6077;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2862;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 6077;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3280;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.UnmodifiableListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2924;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains2 69;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2978;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2922;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.MultiValueMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2624;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 6082;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1394 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_remove1491 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2922;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2599;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3276;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_remove1494 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove137 248;[1219,157]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2888;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1247 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove968 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2952;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testKeySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 126;[1323,2085]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2822;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2650;[5,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_add968 2774;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 248;[1283,2122]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2630;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2650;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualLinkedHashBidiMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1400 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 6081;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2846;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[1265,2070]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1932 6322;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove1 75;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2874;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1398 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2599;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2906;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1299 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3008 8406;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1304 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3 89;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEven_add969 2809;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CompositeMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1935 6320;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2946;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2834;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1409 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1004 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2898;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1932 6320;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2892;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1403 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3235;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3115 8402;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1340 4600;[1270,1262]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.TransformingComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6393;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2880;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2940;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_add876 2597;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven 2790;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1001 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2624;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1009 3360;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add971 2782;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.MultiValueMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1406 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer 8406;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2948;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2954;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add970 2776;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.SingletonMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3116 8406;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2972;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1334 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2936;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2599;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2868;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.ReverseComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2601;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2642;[5,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1248 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll 106;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_literalMutation1796 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 248;[1323,2085]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 6081;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CompositeMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1001 4600;[1270,1262]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.UnmodifiableCollectionTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2868;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.trie.PatriciaTrie2Test.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3010 8404;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains3 71;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEven 2807;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1395 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.ListOrderedMap2Test.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 339;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1407 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 248;[1323,2085]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 6083;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2918;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2972;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2595;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2641;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testNestedSixes3 excludeThisTest
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1929 6320;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2641;[5,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2864;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.LazyIteratorChainTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3222;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1931 6322;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2642;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2601;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1033 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testReset_add1117 3999;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1042 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2599;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2412 8400;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UnmodifiableOrderedMapIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2599;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1003 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testReset_add1118 3999;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2976;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2643;[1265,2070]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2918;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1305 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2978;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2601;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3190;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2900;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testEqualsNull 6387;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1926 6322;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2882;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_add876 2595;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext 3151;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer 8404;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.PeekingIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.FixedSizeListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add49 89;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 248;[1323,2085]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1936 6322;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 6077;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3330;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2958;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2601;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1253 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1318 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testReset_remove723 2758;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 248;[1283,2122]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2958;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove1 75;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1295 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 6077;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 6083;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2900;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1924 6320;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2599;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 6083;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.TransformedSortedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1300 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add971 2776;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2886;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_remove761 3147;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 4682;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove989 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2954;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3326;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1402 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemoveAll_add51 96;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 6083;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3186;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.SynchronizedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2828;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2952;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2601;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1277 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ReverseListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.TransformedQueueTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualHashBidiMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1335 4600;[1270,1262]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2599;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1382 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1008 3151;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2882;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2832;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2832;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1009 3151;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2886;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2599;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2828;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2834;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2888;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1020 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add50 89;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove967 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3272;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2880;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1919 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2634;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove137 248;[1323,2085]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2904;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1937 6322;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_remove761 3364;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.FixedSizeMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2599;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2870;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1389 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1008 3366;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2852;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3334;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_remove723 2758;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3117 8400;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LazyMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove136 248;[1283,2122]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 248;[1323,2085]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1383 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1341 4600;[1270,1262]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2814;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2599;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2912;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add50 89;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 248;[1323,2085]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2411 8402;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEven 2803;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 6083;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.TransformingComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6391;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2634;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testFalsePredicate 3124;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testNextChangesPrevious_remove756 3137;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3226;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2814;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapperTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2412 8406;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2599;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1339 4600;[1270,1262]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2930;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add43 71;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add44 71;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 6081;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3284;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1025 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1401 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove2 82;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove970 4685;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2621;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2924;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testKeySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 126;[1283,2122]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1923 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2599;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove1 75;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.FixedSizeSortedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2647;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2599;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add43 71;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.IteratorChainTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.SingletonMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1028 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2840;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LinkedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1390 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2409 8402;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testReset_literalMutation1096 3999;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 339;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add970 2790;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3214;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2970;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 6077;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testWalkLists excludeThisTest
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3239;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1271 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1041 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testReset_remove835 3999;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add44 71;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove995 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3304;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1276 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1267 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3231;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven 2782;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 6082;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 6077;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 6082;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1328 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2648;[6,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 4682;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3007 8406;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2942;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_add1997 6320;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 6077;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1032 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add971 2790;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2621;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 4682;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3006 8402;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 6083;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.trie.PatriciaTrie2Test.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3316;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1047 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 4682;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2621;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1010 3366;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 4682;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1317 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1010 3370;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testFalsePredicate 3118;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 6077;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3116 8402;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_remove1493 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testNextChangesPrevious_remove755 3133;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add878 2601;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove137 248;[1283,2122]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testReset_add961 2758;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2876;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2601;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove969 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_remove759 3366;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3288;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2599;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testCollections360 3163;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2411 8400;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenOdd 2800;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenOdd 2797;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.TransformedQueueTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2928;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2894;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.TransformedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3117 8406;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_remove724 2774;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2412 8404;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2964;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1381 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2966;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.ListOrderedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll_add54 106;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.trie.UnmodifiableTrieTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator 2772;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2964;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PassiveExpiringMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2599;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2414 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3006 8404;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 6082;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1408 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 6083;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2599;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2928;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod_remove1905 7370;[1200,11]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 6083;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.HashBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_remove759 3364;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 248;[1219,157]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_add1118 3999;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testEqualsNull 6387;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3114 8402;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2966;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3338;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.HashBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2630;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3126 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3115 8406;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2627;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 73;[1323,2085]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation55 248;[1323,2085]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testCollections360 3161;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1384 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testNextChangesPrevious_add1005 3133;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.IteratorChainTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1275 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2858;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2858;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1268 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1399 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1341 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1930 6320;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_add1998 6320;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2856;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap 6322;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation55 248;[1283,2122]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_add1998 6322;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.TransformedListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove964 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2892;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2820;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2599;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1249 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2840;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3009 8406;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2632;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2898;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2599;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.PeekingIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_literalMutation13 71;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven 2776;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add971 2788;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PredicatedSortedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1009 3366;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 6082;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1009 3370;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_remove1490 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.TransformedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_remove725 2769;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2910;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 4682;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenOdd 2793;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1316 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2634;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2599;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator 2595;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 6077;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2960;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove2 82;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1936 6320;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1397 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2874;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testEqualsNull 6387;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator 2774;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap 6320;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2906;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 6077;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 4682;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1930 6322;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 6082;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEven_add969 2803;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2942;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.FixedOrderComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1313 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add970 2784;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add970 2780;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 6081;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1378 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2619;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3008 8402;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains1 67;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1009 3147;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3194;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.FixedSizeMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8418;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testEqualsNull 6387;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2946;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1298 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3116 8400;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2641;[6,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 6081;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3342;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2834;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1294 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3014 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1336 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3136 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2912;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2850;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2826;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2601;[63,2027]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3264;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_remove759 3147;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2904;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[1265,2070]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll_add54 106;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2601;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.GrowthListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1021 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2940;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1048 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testFalsePredicate 3125;[39,55]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_remove980 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1925 6322;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2816;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator 2597;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 248;[1219,157]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.ReverseComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6391;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 6083;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add164 248;[1219,157]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove986 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 6077;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3292;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2852;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod_add2406 7370;[1200,11]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove994 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_remove835 3999;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2413 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UnmodifiableIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3114 8404;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove136 248;[1219,157]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 4682;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 6082;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1336 4600;[1270,1262]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2978;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3247;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 6077;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 6082;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3019 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 248;[1323,2085]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenOdd_literalMutation970 2793;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PredicatedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3006 8406;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains2 69;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_remove759 3370;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2410 8406;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove991 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_literalMutation3117 8404;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2862;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.DefaultedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 6081;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2976;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2922;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2624;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testEqualsNull 6387;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2409 8400;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1329 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3015 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2862;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapper2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 248;[1219,157]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add43 71;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3206;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3125 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1928 6322;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1291 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext 3360;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.FixedOrderComparatorTest.testRandomListSort_remove925 4458;[15,17]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3011 8422;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3008 8400;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add164 248;[1323,2085]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3251;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2864;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_literalMutation15 89;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2924;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2856;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_remove983 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1251 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3312;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2892;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer 8400;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3124 8430;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UnmodifiableListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2642;[6,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1278 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 280;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2934;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty_add1332 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2846;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectGraphIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3137 8416;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3018 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2906;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod_add2408 7370;[1200,11]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1924 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PredicatedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testGetSetComparator_remove724 2772;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2910;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains3 71;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.FixedOrderComparatorTest.testReverseListSort_remove927 4460;[15,17]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 288;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3123 8424;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3013 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2416 8432;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3308;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2888;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 307;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8428;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 283;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2828;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;[37,2042]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1925 6320;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2952;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.NodeCachingLinkedListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add973 2936;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.MultiKeyMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_remove759 3151;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3016 8414;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.ReverseComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1323 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.CircularFifoQueueTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_remove2412 8402;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 276;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2822;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 302;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testEqualsNull 6387;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 289;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testManual 3210;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2958;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1024 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3012 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;[70,2040]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.SynchronizedCollectionTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,20]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 336;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1410 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,13]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1320 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2880;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_add3017 8420;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2886;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_remove961 4685;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd_add974 2948;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateFibEvenOdd 2832;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testFalsePredicate 3129;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_remove2415 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1921 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 295;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[64,2006]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1928 6320;[26,23]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_remove761 3360;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 286;[94,2052]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 295;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testPreviousChangesNext_add1008 3360;[38,2045]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 291;[1284,2123]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3010 8400;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenOdd_literalMutation970 2800;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 307;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchTransformer_literalMutation3127 8426;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 308;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testSwitchMapTransformer_add3009 8404;[1203,1296]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 281;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 280;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 310;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1339 6086;[69,29]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 333;[2,15]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 330;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 303;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testIterateEvenEven_add970 2782;[55,2026]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 299;[1285,2124]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 292;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 327;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 323;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 273;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 302;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 334;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 310;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 331;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 276;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 326;[1259,2069]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 300;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 299;[1258,2068]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 288;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 291;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 283;[1257,2067]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 284;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 277;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 305;[82,2064]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 296;[5,9]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove965 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation98 409;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ReverseListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 248;[1323,1324]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonListIteratorTest.testIterator 4360;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation108 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testKeySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 126;[1283,1338]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_literalMutation1245 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add878 2601;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1292 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2597;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.TransformedSortedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 248;[1323,1324]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod_remove1906 7370;[1200,1169]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableOrderedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add202 409;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2599;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator 2597;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1326 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1050 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 6081;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LazySortedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2599;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testReset_add961 2758;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add205 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1004 4600;[1270,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation110 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1380 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1404 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 6081;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove166 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testSetPredicate 3010;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add49 89;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add200 405;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyListIteratorIsIndeedEmpty_add900 2614;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1045 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 248;[1219,1342]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.DefaultedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapper2Test.testIterator_literalMutation1033 3450;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.TransformingComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6391;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1387 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation109 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2632;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testListIterator 3450;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;[36,1293]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove161 407;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyListIteratorIsIndeedEmpty_add900 2610;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2599;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testReset_add960 2758;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1315 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1926 6320;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty_add1331 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1937 6320;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyListIteratorIsIndeedEmpty 2612;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_add876 2597;[36,1293]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.NodeListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2595;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1269 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2634;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1392 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1937 6327;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PredicatedSortedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testIterator_add1115 3997;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 248;[1219,1342]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1931 6327;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2597;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1036 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation112 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_remove959 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1274 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove136 248;[1219,1342]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1321 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2599;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 4682;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 6082;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testEqualsNull 6387;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1039 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator_add876 2597;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.PushbackIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.UnmodifiableQueueTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains2 69;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty_remove997 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1031 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.NodeListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364_add1642 5527;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add208 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator_add876 2595;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2619;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove166 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1023 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 6083;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove2 82;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 6083;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.FixedOrderComparatorTest.testReverseListSort_remove926 4460;[15,18]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1334 4600;[1270,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 6081;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1303 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add200 411;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2627;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableOrderedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1040 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1270 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll 106;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testIterator 3997;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.ListOrderedMap2Test.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2595;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_remove960 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove165 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 6083;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1932 6327;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_literalMutation13 71;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1393 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.NodeCachingLinkedListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PassiveExpiringMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testListIterator_add1120 3450;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.UnmodifiableQueueTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2619;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove971 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 4682;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_remove1495 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1250 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testEqualsNull 6387;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualHashBidiMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2630;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LazySortedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove967 4685;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation100 407;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation97 405;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove1 75;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1931 6320;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_add876 2597;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 248;[1323,1324]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator 2595;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add43 71;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualLinkedHashBidiMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_add1997 6322;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 248;[1323,1324]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation104 405;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1379 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1325 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2624;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_add876 2597;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1405 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_remove835 3999;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add208 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 6077;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.UnmodifiableCollectionTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.ArrayStackTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add44 71;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.PushbackIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_literalMutation15 89;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1302 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove964 4685;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_remove1557 6320;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.TransformingComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6393;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add203 409;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1396 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove163 407;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364_add1641 5527;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 73;[1219,1342]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testRepeatedHasNext 3002;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1022 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add207 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove970 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove2 82;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1337 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testEqualsNull 6387;[36,1293]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 6083;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove167 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1924 6322;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add201 405;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add206 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2601;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testEqualsNull 6387;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.trie.UnmodifiableTrieTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove966 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove137 248;[1219,1342]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator 2595;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2624;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 248;[1219,1342]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove162 407;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_literalMutation1244 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364 5529;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testEqualsNull 6387;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.FixedOrderComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableSortedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[36,1293]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll 106;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapper2Test.testIterator_literalMutation1032 3450;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1314 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1386 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapper2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UnmodifiableOrderedMapIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.FixedSizeListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 6083;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.FixedSizeSortedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.CircularFifoQueueTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1340 4600;[1270,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 4682;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1928 6329;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation107 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 6082;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1273 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove992 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 6082;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.CompositeSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2599;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1035 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_add1998 6327;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2624;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1044 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod_add2408 7370;[1200,1169]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add50 89;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation112 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator 2595;[36,1293]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonIteratorTest.testIterator 4304;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove164 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 6082;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1051 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 4682;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove165 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 6083;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1391 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation98 405;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2595;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add206 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1925 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 339;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove168 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2595;[36,1293]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation102 411;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_add876 2597;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1927 6322;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2601;[36,1293]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains1 67;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 6081;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonListIteratorTest.testIterator_add1207 4358;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 248;[1219,1342]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1411 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1046 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation100 409;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2599;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 6082;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove164 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod_remove1905 7370;[1200,1169]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1319 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2597;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add205 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 339;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove160 409;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 6081;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[1265,1326]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testFalsePredicate 3119;[39,54]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_remove961 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2601;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualLinkedHashBidiMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add208 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 248;[1323,1324]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1301 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add164 248;[1219,1342]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.GrowthListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 6081;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 248;[1283,1338]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 6082;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1335 4600;[1270,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation107 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.ListOrderedSet2Test.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 248;[1283,1338]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableSortedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap 6327;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1935 6322;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2601;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testInstantiateTransformerNull_add2989 8316;[1200,1169]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testReset_add1117 3999;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2619;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.CompositeSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add202 405;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator 2595;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2648;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1038 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1252 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1322 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.SynchronizedCollectionTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 6077;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_remove958 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator 2597;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add878 2599;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 339;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1935 6327;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1296 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 6081;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testInstantiateTransformerNull 8316;[1200,1169]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1049 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testSetIterator_add992 3006;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2599;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonIterator2Test.testIterator_add1197 3548;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation98 411;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1293 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 339;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll_add54 106;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[36,1293]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 6082;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation102 405;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add50 89;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_remove981 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains1 67;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LazyMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1335 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 6077;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.UnmodifiableListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add164 248;[1323,1324]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add207 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_add876 2595;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LinkedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapperTest.testIterator_add1060 3552;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1920 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2597;[36,1293]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1043 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364_remove1242 5529;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testSetIterator 3006;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1927 6320;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_add876 2595;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 4682;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testEqualsNull 6387;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1922 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364_remove1242 5527;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2599;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1327 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add43 71;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap 6329;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UnmodifiableIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testIterator 2767;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove993 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling 405;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add200 409;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add202 411;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1324 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2601;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_add876 2595;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1388 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testIterator_add959 2756;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.SynchronizedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.ListOrderedSet2Test.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_remove723 2758;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1339 4600;[1270,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapper2Test.testIterator 3450;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testIterator 3997;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.ListOrderedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testIterator_add1213 2767;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1266 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation114 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1385 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2599;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove165 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation98 407;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains3 71;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 339;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2599;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2621;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_remove1491 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.CircularFifoQueueTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapperTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1929 6322;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove168 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.MultiValueMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2597;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_literalMutation15 89;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.ArrayStackTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1027 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.PredicatedQueueTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2634;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.MultiValueMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2601;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.UnmodifiableListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add43 71;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapperTest.testIterator 3552;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 6083;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove163 411;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation106 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove990 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator_add876 2597;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1052 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1340 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.PeekingIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2599;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testSetIterator 3004;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 6081;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testReset 3999;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1926 6329;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation107 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 4682;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 6082;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapperTest.testIterator_add1059 3548;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1937 6329;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove987 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 4682;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1318 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapper2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 4682;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator 2597;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1030 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testKeySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 126;[1219,1342]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 6077;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove160 407;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty_remove999 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 6077;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2599;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UnmodifiableMapIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add204 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testSetPredicate 3008;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_add876 2597;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.PredicatedQueueTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2632;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364_add1643 5525;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2599;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 6077;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonIteratorTest.testIterator_add1201 4304;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation55 248;[1323,1324]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation102 407;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll_add54 106;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2599;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add208 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1929 6329;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 6082;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1394 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.TransformedListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove168 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove136 248;[1283,1338]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2643;[1265,1326]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.MultiKeyMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1299 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove165 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove162 405;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove968 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapper2Test.testIterator_add1052 3454;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UnmodifiableIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1247 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation114 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_remove1494 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains3 71;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add207 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemoveAll_add51 96;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2650;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1932 6322;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1400 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2595;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 248;[1323,1324]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364_add1643 5529;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1398 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;[36,1293]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1304 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 73;[1283,1338]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2632;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation110 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1004 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1001 4600;[1270,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1935 6320;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2599;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CompositeMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364_add1643 5527;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1932 6320;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 6083;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.ReverseComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1403 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1409 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testEqualsNull 6387;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation55 248;[1283,1338]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1929 6327;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2621;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation109 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1926 6327;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add202 407;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove167 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1001 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_add960 2758;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testInstantiateTransformerNull_literalMutation3092 8316;[1200,1169]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testIterator_add958 2751;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove163 409;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2597;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1406 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testEqualsNull 6387;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testEqualsNull 6387;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2601;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonIterator2Test.testIterator 3548;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyListIteratorIsIndeedEmpty_add900 2612;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.trie.PatriciaTrie2Test.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1248 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains3_literalMutation13 71;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.ListOrderedMap2Test.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1334 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2642;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add201 407;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_literalMutation1796 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_add1117 3999;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapperTest.testIterator_add1060 3548;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 6081;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 248;[1283,1338]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2621;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapper2Test.testIterator_add1052 3450;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 248;[1283,1338]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualHashBidiMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll 106;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2599;[36,1293]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1395 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 248;[1219,1342]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2599;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testReset 2758;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_add1118 3999;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyListIteratorIsIndeedEmpty 2610;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1407 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_literalMutation931 2627;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2599;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation107 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2595;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2601;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2641;[5,6]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1929 6320;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testNestedSixes3 excludeThisTest
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1931 6322;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 248;[1283,1338]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2599;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2641;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1936 6329;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.SingletonMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.LazyIteratorChainTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add204 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add207 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.ReverseComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6391;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1305 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2630;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove160 411;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation97 407;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 6083;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1033 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation100 411;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2642;[5,6]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation112 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove164 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2630;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.UnmodifiableCollectionTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyListIteratorIsIndeedEmpty 2614;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1003 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1042 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testIterator 2751;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_add876 2595;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CompositeMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add49 89;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator 2595;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 6081;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 6081;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove162 409;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1926 6322;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1341 4600;[1270,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.TransformedSortedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testKeySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 126;[1323,1324]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 6077;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation106 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testIterator 2756;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation109 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1936 6322;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove167 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364_add1642 5525;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove166 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation114 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1295 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1253 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364_add1641 5529;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2595;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.CircularFifoQueueTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.TransformedQueueTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_add1997 6327;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator 2597;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetContains2 69;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1924 6320;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 6077;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add208 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 4682;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add205 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove161 405;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1300 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1402 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove989 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 6083;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1931 6329;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1277 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove137 248;[1283,1338]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation100 405;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.SynchronizedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator 2595;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapper2Test.testIterator_add1051 3454;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation108 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1020 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2599;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1382 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains3 71;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectGraphIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_literalMutation1096 3999;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapperTest.testIterator_add1059 3552;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemoveAll_add51 96;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add206 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove967 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.trie.PatriciaTrie2Test.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonListIteratorTest.testIterator_add1209 4358;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.LazyIteratorChainTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3 89;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty_add1333 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1937 6322;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364_remove1242 5525;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LazyMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1928 6327;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1389 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove136 248;[1323,1324]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.UnmodifiableMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1383 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2601;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetIteratorRemoveChangesMap 73;[1323,1324]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364 5525;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1373 6083;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.FixedSizeMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add166 248;[1283,1338]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add203 411;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation57 248;[1283,1338]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.IteratorChainTest.testIterator_add1021 3390;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add200 407;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 6083;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation110 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 339;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testSetIterator_add992 3004;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator 2597;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testListIterator_add963 2767;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2599;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.FixedOrderComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6393;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator 2597;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove161 411;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1401 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add205 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1925 6329;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_add1998 6329;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.FixedSizeListTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove970 4685;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_literalMutation15 89;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2601;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1025 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.FixedSizeSortedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation108 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1923 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1919 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.ReverseComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6393;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add162 248;[1323,1324]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1924 6327;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364_add1642 5529;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 6083;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove168 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove165 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator 2595;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add49 89;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2647;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1028 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation102 409;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_add1390 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapper2Test.testIterator 3454;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testSetIterator_add993 3004;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.LinkedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2595;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.HashBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testWalkLists excludeThisTest
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.FixedOrderComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1267 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1271 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1041 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1336 4600;[1270,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testFalsePredicate 3124;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation108 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1932 6329;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.SingletonMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 2601;[1265,1326]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1328 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove995 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonListIteratorTest.testIterator_add1209 4360;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testIterator_add959 2756;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1276 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 6082;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 6077;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation107 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testIterator_add958 2751;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1365 6082;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 4682;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2599;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove161 409;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 4682;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_add1997 6320;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 6077;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 4682;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 6077;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_remove1032 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3_add50 89;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod_remove1904 7370;[1200,1169]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testEntrySetRemoveAll_add51 96;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.PeekingIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add204 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testInstantiateTransformerNull_add2991 8316;[1200,1169]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove160 405;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation112 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364_add1641 5525;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 4682;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 6081;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6398;[36,1293]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1047 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2599;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1317 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testSetPredicate_add995 3010;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator_add876 2597;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove 6077;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PassiveExpiringMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove162 411;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_remove1493 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove969 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2601;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_remove1003 4600;[1270,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation114 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.TransformedQueueTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1930 6327;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.ListOrderedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.trie.UnmodifiableTrieTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_remove137 248;[1323,1324]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2597;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2601;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation106 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ReverseListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1381 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.HashBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.LazyIteratorChainTest.testIterator 3436;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains1 67;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation110 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364 5527;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 4682;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testSetIterator_add993 3006;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonListIteratorTest.testIterator_remove890 4358;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 6082;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1408 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add205 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove166 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove164 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_literalMutation13 71;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2597;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation104 407;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation112 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation109 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1275 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1384 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testReset_add1118 3999;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_add1998 6320;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemoveAll_literalMutation1268 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling 407;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add155 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1930 6320;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add879 2599;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1341 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectGraphIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap 6322;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UnmodifiableOrderedMapIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1399 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testSetPredicate_add995 3008;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove168 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PredicatedSortedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1014 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.FixedOrderComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6391;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1418 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_remove964 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_add1998 6322;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_remove1557 6327;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1249 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 6081;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.FixedSizeMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 6083;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod_add2406 7370;[1200,1169]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator 2595;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator 2601;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyListIteratorIsIndeedEmpty_add900 2617;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add204 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation106 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UnmodifiableListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2595;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_remove163 405;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1927 6327;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator 2601;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove167 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.DefaultedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1925 6327;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add206 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.TransformedListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator 2595;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove164 421;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1372 6077;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonListIteratorTest.testIterator 4358;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_remove1490 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1316 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1927 6329;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 6082;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 6082;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UnmodifiableMapIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1936 6320;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1421 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 6083;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1924 6329;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testSetIterator_remove746 3004;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1397 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap 6320;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1375 6077;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 6081;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testInstantiateTransformerNull_literalMutation3094 8316;[1200,1169]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1930 6322;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1377 4682;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.IteratorChainTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator 2597;[36,1293]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_add1313 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.CollatingIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add141 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_add876 2595;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add156 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_add1378 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.TransformedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add203 407;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testReset_remove723 2758;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add911 2627;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testFalsePredicate 3118;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2599;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add44 71;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAddAll_add1298 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.ReverseComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testIterator_add1115 3997;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove3 89;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.TransformerUtilsTest.testInstantiateTransformerNull_add2990 8316;[1200,1169]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.GrowthListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.IteratorChainTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2641;[6,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.MultiKeyMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1015 6081;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_remove980 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_literalMutation1289 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PredicatedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1336 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRetainAll_add54 106;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetRemove1 75;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add207 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1021 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add204 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testReset 3999;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterListIteratorTest.testFalsePredicate 3125;[39,54]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testFullIterator_add880 2599;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapperTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1936 6327;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1925 6322;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove1 75;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_remove1048 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation114 415;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add201 409;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add930 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove166 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapperTest.testIterator 3548;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add886 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove710 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add927 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.TransformingComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testIterator 2756;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1366 6077;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove986 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.IteratorChainTest.testIterator 3390;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add103 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling 411;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove994 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_add1997 6329;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add148 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1367 6082;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testWalkForwardAndBack_add910 2634;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1368 4682;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add203 405;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove702 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.TransformedMapTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap 248;[1219,1342]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_remove991 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2599;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1370 6082;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove3 89;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add932 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_remove1018 6081;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation56 248;[1323,1324]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation59 248;[1283,1338]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add945 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add144 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_add876 2595;[36,1293]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364_remove1241 5529;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add102 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation106 419;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 2601;[1265,1326]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2599;[36,1293]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add106 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add107 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add110 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1329 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UnmodifiableListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add164 248;[1283,1338]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add151 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetRemove2 82;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1369 6077;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_add165 248;[1219,1342]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testIterator 2751;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove713 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove708 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation55 248;[1219,1342]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2599;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add90 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.UniqueFilterIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add880 2599;[36,1293]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove89 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1420 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add883 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1291 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.PredicatedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_add201 411;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSetTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add107 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1058 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove698 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContains_remove983 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.PredicatedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testReset_remove835 3999;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.FixedOrderComparatorTest.testRandomListSort_remove925 4458;[15,18]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add106 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add878 2599;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonListIteratorTest.testIterator_add1207 4360;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1924 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add937 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6389;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add155 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.SingletonIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add936 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testReset_literalMutation1096 3999;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove84 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_add206 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364_remove1241 5525;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add102 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_literalMutation1251 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add926 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation108 417;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add84 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1928 6322;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation29 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ListIteratorWrapper2Test.testIterator_add1051 3450;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator 2597;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add946 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove709 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.NodeCachingLinkedListTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_remove961 4685;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add934 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1930 6329;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add102 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.IndexedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1061 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2599;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add110 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add149 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add148 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove706 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove83 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1337 4600;[1270,1329]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add108 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add155 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add157 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add153 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove128 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add153 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract 6390;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add142 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add86 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.PredicatedSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1417 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullMapIterator 2642;[6,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty_add1332 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.CollectionSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1422 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_literalMutation1278 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add85 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testReset 2758;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove122 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add88 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TransformedSortedBagTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator 2597;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add101 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove701 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove85 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add948 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add111 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add922 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.FixedOrderComparatorTest.testReverseListSort_remove927 4460;[15,18]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_add157 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove87 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add153 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testObjectEqualsSelf 6388;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add133 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove86 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1060 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add143 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add104 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation97 411;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add130 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testValuesIteratorRemoveChangesMap_literalMutation58 248;[1219,1342]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add931 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add91 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove83 307;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add928 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add882 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.comparators.TransformingComparatorTest.testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode 6397;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove717 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add84 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 295;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1925 6320;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add880 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add152 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add921 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add147 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add101 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation104 411;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove705 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove130 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove120 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator_add876 2595;[64,1258]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1323 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add146 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add151 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add105 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation110 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 302;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap2Test.testCollections364_remove1241 5527;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.CompositeCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove87 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add145 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.SynchronizedCollectionTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add79 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add107 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation27 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add109 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.collection.TransformedCollectionTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove64 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_add876 2597;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove117 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove715 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add919 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testFullIterator_add879 2601;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove126 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add925 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add933 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testEntrySetContains3_add44 71;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add947 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation33 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation935 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove719 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove703 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling 409;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add78 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove100 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.FactoryUtilsTest.testPrototypeFactoryPublicCloneMethod 7370;[1200,1169]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1374 6083;[0,2]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove712 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRemove_remove1024 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add141 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_remove167 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_add151 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation937 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add110 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove68 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsKey 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add87 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove58 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.UnmodifiableSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1416 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add939 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove89 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_add152 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyListIteratorIsIndeedEmpty 2617;[70,1284]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove707 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add157 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_add924 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove697 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 308;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add146 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add108 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove69 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove92 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add119 280;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add108 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionRetainAll_add1410 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove84 283;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add124 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add111 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator_add879 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue_remove700 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add111 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testEntrySetContains2 69;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testPutAll_literalMutation109 423;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove110 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add99 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove97 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_add91 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove105 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ObjectArrayIteratorTest.testEmptyIterator_remove686 2597;[37,1283]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove699 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize_remove124 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add98 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add81 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation97 409;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add145 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testSetEquals_add1921 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add103 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.PredicatedMapTest.testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists 6382;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add120 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add80 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapToString_add156 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove98 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_add920 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 299;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add117 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove71 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove72 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove119 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_add156 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_add152 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation39 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove103 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIsEmpty 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString_remove128 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsValue_remove62 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove107 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_add144 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add935 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add122 291;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation30 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add88 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add125 286;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add128 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_remove60 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add149 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add126 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add147 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 280;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add127 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add109 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.splitmap.TransformedSplitMapTest.testTransformedMap_literalMutation1928 6320;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove716 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIteratorTest.testReset_add961 2758;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testFullIterator 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add116 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 310;[1285,1340]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add132 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add943 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add112 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add106 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add105 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation40 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapSize_remove124 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove81 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add90 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIteratorRemove_add1364 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionAdd_add1294 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add940 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.TransformedSortedSetTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapToString_remove130 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_remove79 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add77 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add104 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add942 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove720 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove106 273;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add129 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 276;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapSize_remove126 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_add143 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add85 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove66 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove718 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove93 288;[1284,1339]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add113 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_add929 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add103 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_remove88 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove711 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_remove704 302;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add131 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove96 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.FilterIteratorTest.testSetIterator_remove746 3006;[76,1261]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSet_literalMutation936 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove90 305;[82,46]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapContainsKey_add76 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_add884 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove88 277;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_add87 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_remove101 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add114 336;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapSize 310;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add104 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_add109 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_remove85 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPut_add105 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.UnmodifiableSortedBagTest.testCollectionToArray2 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 284;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapContainsValue_add82 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.LazyIteratorChainTest.testIterator_add1041 3436;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_literalMutation37 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapRemove_remove118 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.queue.CircularFifoQueueTest.testCanonicalFullCollectionExists 6385;[16,19]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapIsEmpty_add100 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove109 289;[94,45]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionContainsAll_add1320 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove111 292;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation34 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove70 323;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove 307;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapRemove_remove121 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPutAll_add121 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_remove86 331;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll 283;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testNullHandling_literalMutation104 409;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapRemove_add142 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testRemove_remove688 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 295;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey_remove696 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove108 291;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation28 300;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.bag.TreeBagTest.testCollectionToArray2_remove1063 4652;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove102 299;[1258,1325]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_add941 276;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add118 326;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapToString 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.list.PredicatedListTest.testCollectionToArray2_add1419 4654;[26,24]
org.apache.commons.collections4.iterators.ArrayListIterator2Test.testEmptyIterator_add876 2595;[63,1259]
org.apache.commons.collections4.set.MapBackedSetTest.testCollectionIterator_add1339 6086;[69,27]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation32 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest$TestFlatMapIterator.testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet_remove714 288;[1257,1327]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapPutAll_add115 327;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.Flat3MapTest.testMapPut_literalMutation31 296;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.CaseInsensitiveMapTest.testMapEquals_add86 334;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add134 330;[1259,1328]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPut_add101 303;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_remove94 281;[5,3]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapEquals_remove67 333;[2,4]
org.apache.commons.collections4.map.HashedMapTest.testMapPutAll_add123 291;[1257,1327]
